So we have our stuff here.
The last thing we need to do is like,
yeah, cool.
We made a router, but we have to attach
it back to the main app otherwise,
it's just floating around,
it's not doing anything.
So, maybe I said the app
is the actual API.
This is just like a sub API.
Well, you have to mount
it back to the app.
So in order to do that,
let's export the router.
So export default router like that and
then you can go back to server and
you can import your router.
Like so and you can get rid of this if you
want, you can go after it or whatever.
The thing about creating routes
is that order does matter.
If you make a route that's the same like,
I'll make another one of these,
right, okay, copy just said no.
I'll make another one of these with
the same method, path combination.
Which one of these is going to fire?
They're both targeting the same
method path combination.
Like what would you expect?
If you were the creators of Express,
what would you have built into Express to
handle this situation where they're
both targeting the same thing.
>> I would say whatever
is registered first.
>> Yeah, exactly whatever it was first.
So like, that's actually what's happening.
So this one would actually execute first
and this one would never get executed.
So the order in which you
register a listener matters, so
top to bottom does matter when
it comes to defining routes.
And you can think of it as like this
every time you do this you're actually
registering like, hey, I want to be
notified via this function when this
combination comes in and they put
that subscription inside of an array.
So there's an array of event
handlers that get called.
So it would make sense that this one will
be the first thing in the array, and
this one would be the second
thing in the array.
So because this one got found first,
this one never gets found.
You can leave it that way,
that's pretty much what it is.
Okay, anyway, I wanna leave that and now
what we wanna do is, we wanna say app.use.
Let me talk about that,
use is not ASD method, but
some of that build it to express and
use allows you to apply some
type of global options,
some type of global configuration,
either to the whole app or
to a certain path of your API.
In our case,
we're gonna do a certain path.
We're gonna say we wanna use or so for
everything that has slash API in it,
we wanna use the router.
So what is this actually saying?
Okay, we're gonna walk through it.
We know in our router we have let's
say we know we have a get request for
get/product, right?
So in our head we're like, cool, if we
wanna make a get request to slash product,
assuming there was something here,
it would trigger this it would work.
No not anymore because
router is mounted to /API.
So the actual URL for
that would be /api/product.
Because this is mounted before any
other routes that are registered here.
So now this whole router doesn't
exist until you put /api in your URL.
So you have to put go to your
url.com/api/any one of these or
these or these.
But these don't know that
they belong to slash API.
And that's what makes router cool.
It's just a way for you to abstract and
move around different pieces of your API.
Like components you can think of like
a router as like a component for
routes basically they're just reusable.